So we're able to choose a user here and load this in its own component,
now let's fine tune that and add an edit button here on the user detail so that we load the user edit component
in such a case.
So here, I simply want to set up a router link which shall use a button as the tag, the html tag and it
should navigate to, to what?
Let's have a look at our routes,
I want to go to this route
so I need /user slash the currently loaded ID slash edit.
Well that's shouldn't be too hard,
I can simply say user and then here, I somehow need to pass the id. To do so, I will bind to dynamically
by adding a colon or v-bind for the long form
and this allows me now to pass other things than just a simple string.
So here I will actually pass a string plus
and now $route.params.id plus /edit and I will show you an alternative to constructing your path like
this manually in one of the next videos
but for now, let's keep it like this and let say added link edit user here and go to my user and I click
edit user,
we now see I'm loading user one added and I'm on the edit user page here.
Now I can also add my classes here to this, so let's add class shall be button, button primary to give this a
nice styling, that of course should work just fine, like this.
And now again this is how I load my user or how I can pass a parameter dynamically here with colon too
and then constructing the path manually.
But now in the next video, I will show you a more elegant way of doing this.